North teaching do you think there's
something you forgot in energy by Ava d
by a decree definition in all of hood to
me old ivory in the name of retaking for
another night I give another risk risk
the day in Christ Lord I don't know how
much look this bottom being either
spirit I want to go over he hit me here
McLean let me give them side from the
black girl who wanted it but please
in the name of you to live for months
ago and you may be fair we such distance
no blue sheet Lionel do the respite or
Canadian petition in fact lemme let me
put your claim and I thought well won't
be hard knowledge from what we so much
that Lord I mean in the diner foot back
in front I need yo hey it's something
she's not please go that's only the only
way it's going to stop and stop and food
yield anything you Amy in it